docs: explain how to find a clang-format patch generated by CI (#4521)
XRPLF/rippled: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can format individual files in place by running `clang-format -i <file>...`
from any directory within this project.

There is a Continuous Integration job that runs clang-format on pull requests. If the code doesn't comply, a patch file that corrects auto-fixable formatting issues is generated.

To download the patch file:

1. Next to `clang-format / check (pull_request) Failing after #s` -> click **Details** to open the details page.
2. Left menu -> click **Summary**
3. Scroll down to near the bottom-right under `Artifacts` -> click **clang-format.patch**

> 4. Download the file to your local git repository and run `git apply [patch-file-name]`.

Reviewer: When you click on the artifact, the file that's downloaded is a zip file. So there needs to be another step to unzip the file (or a clause in step 4).

> 4. Download the file to your local git repository and run `git apply [patch-file-name]`.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Download the zip file and extract it to your local git repository. Run `git apply [patch-file-name]`.
```

You can format individual files in place by running `clang-format -i <file>...`
from any directory within this project.

> There is a Continuous Integration job that runs clang-format on PRs. If the code does not comply, an artifact will be generated which is a patch file that corrects any auto-fixable formatting issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a Continuous Integration job that runs clang-format on pull requests. If the code doesn't comply, a patch file that corrects auto-fixable formatting issues is generated.
```

To download the patch file:

> 1. Next to `clang-format / check (pull_request) Failing after #s` -> click **Details** to open the details page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Details** next to the `clang-format / check (pull_request) Failing after #s`.
```

Author: Reading the original text left-to-right, it tells you what to look for - in the order that you need to look for it. In other words, you need to look for `clang-format / check (pull_request) Failing after #s` before you can click **Details**. In the way that you propose, it's as if the steps are reversed.

> 2. Left menu -> click **Summary**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Summary** from the left menu.
```

Author: Similarly - you generally need to look for the left menu before you can click **Summary**.

> 3. Scroll down to near the bottom-right under `Artifacts` -> click **clang-format.patch**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click **clang-format.patch** under `Artifacts`.
```

Author: Same concern

> 4. Download it to your local git repo and then run `git apply [patch-file-name]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Download the file to your local git repository and run `git apply [patch-file-name]`.
```
